logging: Prevent multiple arguments evaluation (take 2) (#42686)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: subsys/logging/CMakeLists.txt

    log_msg2.c
  )

  # Determine if __auto_type is supported. If not then runtime approach must always
  # be used.
  # Supported by:
  # - C++ (auto)
  # - GCC 4.9.0 https://gcc.gnu.org/gcc-4.9/changes.html
  # - Clang 3.8
  if (NOT CONFIG_LOG2_ALWAYS_RUNTIME)
    if(CMAKE_C_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "Clang")
      if(CMAKE_C_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_LESS "3.8.0")

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "Compiler version requires CONFIG_LOG2_ALWAYS_RUNTIME to be set")

Reviewer: I think we should downgrade this to `WARNING`.

```suggestion
        message(WARNING "Compiler version requires CONFIG_LOG2_ALWAYS_RUNTIME to be set")
```

Reason, a fatal error will prevent users from running menuconfig and fix the problem, ref https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/9573

In principle FATAL_ERROR would be optimal here, but as users should be able to fix this using menuconfig, we have to go for less optimal solution.

      endif()
    endif()
    if(CMAKE_C_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU")
      if(CMAKE_C_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_LESS "4.9.0")

>         message(FATAL_ERROR "Compiler version requires CONFIG_LOG2_ALWAYS_RUNTIME to be set")

Reviewer: I think we should downgrade this to `WARNING`.

```suggestion
        message(WARNING "Compiler version requires CONFIG_LOG2_ALWAYS_RUNTIME to be set")
```

Reason, a fatal error will prevent users from running menuconfig and fix the problem, ref https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/9573

Author: done
